createPackage should allow defining static and instance members (#153)
alloy-framework/alloy: .chronus/changes/static-members-2025-4-7-20-40-48.md

---
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@alloy-js/typescript"
---

> Add support to createPackage for providing named members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to createPackage for defining instance and static members.
```
